Sameer: 1) Story Creator 2) Resource Wall 3) Buy/Sell Listing Website
Zahra: 1) Resource Wall 2) Story Creator 3) Wiki Map
Bee: 1) Decision Maker 2) Food Pick-up 3) Smart To-do List


PROJECT: RESOURCE Wall

Reference link: https://web-prep-help.lighthouselabs.ca/

Project Planning Phase Breakdown:

ToDos:
1) General Timing and Guidelines (5 mins). (DONE)
    - 2:45pm - 8pm. 
    - Saturday: 10am morning meeting.
    - General Days: 10am meet, 2pm, 6pm.
    - Internal Deadline end of Wednesday.
    - Vertical Tasks Approach
    - Focus on functionality first then aesthetics
   
2) Git Repo  (0.5h to 1h),2:45 pm. (DONE)
3) User Stories - 1:00pm (DONE)
4) Features / MVP (DONE)
5) WireFrames
6) ERD 
7) Routes
8) Stack Choices
9) Dividing Tasks / Communication / Tools (Trello)
10) Project Setup 
11) Database Setup
12) Kick-off coding

RULES:
- NEVER work on the master branch! Always create a branch and work on your branch!!
  Warnings & Tips
- Do not edit the layout.css file directly, it is auto-generated by layout.scss
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with users.js and widgets.js
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See db folder for pre-populated examples.
- Use the npm run db:reset command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds.
    - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database.
    - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to DROP the tables and recreate them.


PROJECT DESCRIPTION:

        Option 7: Resource Wall
        Pinterest for learners.

        Allow learners to save learning resources like tutorials, blogs and videos in a central place that is publicly available to any user.

        Requirements:
        users should be able to save an external URL along with a title and description   => 12
        users should be able to search for already-saved resources created by any user    => 4
        users should be able to categorize any resource under a topic   => 6
        users should be able to comment on any resource   => 5
        users should be able to rate any resource         => 5
        users should be able to like any resource         => 5
        users should be able to view all their own and all liked resources on one page ("My resources")   => 3
        users should be able to register, log in, log out and update their profile    => 1, 2, 10, 11


USER STORIES:

Title: Users should be allowed to save learning resources like tutorials, blogs and videos in a central place that is publicly available to any user.

Categories: 
- Sports
- Education
- Business
- Food
- Travel


    User Stories Templates: 
    User should… in the title
    As a user, I want to   (goals, desire)         because    (benefit)

    (Primary Requirement = *)
    (Italize other requirements)

   * 1) As a user, I want to be able to register, because i want to use the website.
   * 2) As a user, I want to be able to login, because i want to use the website. (feature = show logged-in status)
   * 3) As a user, I want to be able to view all my saved resources and all liked resources on one page.
   * 4) As a user, I want to be able to search for already-saved resources created by any user. 
        4.1) I want to be able to get more details about a selected URL (perhaps on a separate page).
        4.2) I want to be able to search for resources with specific filters (i.e ratings > 4, catagory = sport etc.). 
   * 5) As a user, I want to be able to interact with other resources, examples: like, comment, rate other resources, view to external url
   * 6) As a user, I want to be able to select a category and upload a resource (url) under given category 
     7) As a user, I want to be able to select a resource and modify it.
     8) As a user, I want to be able to delete a resource from my list of saved resources.
     9) As a user , I want all my navigations options available to navigate the app.
   * 10) As a user, I should be able to create a profile, and update it.
   * 11) As a user, I want to be able to securely logout of the website.
   * 12) As a user, I want to save / create URLS along with a title and description and attach to my account.


FEATURES: Follow the list of requirements
+ Error messages

WIREFRAMES:
- Index/Landing page (DONE)
- Register page (DONE)
- Login page (DONE)
- Main page (all uncatagorized resources) (DONE)
- Add resource page (DONE)
- My resources page (DONE)
- Specific resource info page (DONE)
- My profile / Update profile page (DONE)

